## Password-Locker
##  Author

Wayne Musungu

## Description
This is a password locker application built using Python Programming Language that enables users to create, store and manage their passwords for various social media platforms that they have. This application has a unique feature of that allows the user to select an option of having an autogenerated password.


## Behaviour Driven Development
1. Allows the user to create a new account.
2. Enables the user to type in their own password or have an autogenerated password.
3. Create, save and display all credentials.
4. Autogenerate a password for the credentials.
5. Delete an existing credential.
6. An option to either exit the application or continue using it.


## Technologies Used

* Python3.8


## Setup/Installation Requirements

#### Requirements for the application to operate
* python3.8

#### Cloning

* Open Terminal ``Ctrl+Alt+T``

* git clone `https://github.com/WayneMusungu/Password-Locker.git`

* cd Password-Locker

* code . or atom . based on the text editor you prefer.

### Running the Application
* To run the application, open the cloned file in the terminal and run the following commands:

       $ chmod +x run.py
       $ ./run.py
* To run test for the application in the vs code 
       $  python3 run.py

## Dependencies

1. Open the application on the terminal. Run the command `$ ./run.py`. You will see the Home menu `Hey you there 😹!!! Welcome to Password-locker an application that stores your account credentials`.From there you have an option to create new account abbreviated by short code `CNA` or choose the option Have An Account abbreviated by the short codes `HAA`
2. If you select `CNA`, then you will have to input you're firstname, lastname, email, username and password. In the password section you can either type your own password or select an autogenerated password based on your preference. You will receive a message`Congratulations {fistname} {lastname} on setting up your account🍾🥂! Please keep a note of your login account details:\n USERNAME: {uname}\n EMAIL: {email}\n PASSWORD: {password`
3. If you select `HAA`, you will only be required to input the username and password that you signed up with. It is after this process that you will be able to navigate through the application using short codes that will be listed.
4. To create a new credential one will have to enter the short code `CNC` where they will enter the account name of the application, their username of that application and have an option to type their own password using the short code `TYP`  or generate a random password using the short code `GRP`.
5. To view all saved credential(s) one has to key in the short code `DC`. If there are no credentials stored one will receive the message`Whoopsie!!! It seems you don't have any credentials saved yet 💔`
6. To exit the application, one will enter `EX`. Then they will receive a message `Warning! You will loose all your credentials if you exit the application. Are you sure? y/n`. One can type `y` to exit the application or `n` to continue using the application.

## Technologies Used

* Python3.8

## Contact Information

You can reach me on my email [waynemuyera17@gmail.com]

## License

*MIT*
Copyright (c) 2022 **Wayne Musungu**

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


=======
# Password-locker